Advocates are not always socially positioned to be effective norm promoters on their own. For this reason, they rely on elites in a society who have large networks and strong influence over others such as celebrities and politicians. By convincing elites to adopt norms, advocates increase their ability to reach a wider public audience. It should be noted that advocates promote a norm based on a logic of appropriateness, while elites advertise a norm based on the logic of consequences. In other words, advocates are often not assessing the utilities or benefits of the norm and will never change their mind about that norm; they are like zealots about the norm. Elites, on the other hand, assess the utilities and benefits of norm adoption relative to their level of social power. Iglič and Rus suggest that less powerful, new elites may be targets of norm promoters/advocates because they see the new norm as a potential tool to maximize their utility and balance power against more powerful, old elites. While advocates my use international organizations or nongovernmental organizations to convince elites to adopt norms, and social media also plays a significant role in this process, the current version of the model does not account for these specific means of convincing elites. The tipping point in the norm life cycle is reached when the balance of power between opponent and proponent of the new norm has shifted. At that point, the new norm will begin to be substituted for the existing norm, or it will become the dominant norm. When the norm’s life cycle reaches the tipping point, it means the dominant norm is the new norm and a considerable percent of the population supports that norm. After this point, the spread of the norm will reach a higher speed compared to the previous step, and many people from different groups of society may adopt the norm. Norm cascading for humanitarian norms may be different from other norms because degradation of humanitarian values has a diverse and exponential relation to the percent of advocates and therefore is a limiting factor in this process of cascading. This denotes a key difference in norms that have associated punishments, which would prevent individuals from losing interest in a norm over time and delaying the cascade process of norm adoption. During the cascade phase of norm adoption, elites must socialize a norm to persuade others to adopt. Since individuals’ motivation to adopt a new norm is based on the logic of consequences—assessing the costs and benefits of adoption for each new norm—it is impossible for elites to socialize norms and persuade others who have no desire to be a part of that social group. Again, this is an important distinction between norms that are adopted through punishment mechanisms. In fact, peer pressure may be regarded as a form a social punishment by which certain norms are socialized to others and individuals find that socially the benefits of adoption outweigh the costs.